hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're gonna
be talking about the 2008 film The Dark
Knight the second film The Dark Knight
series so let's get started
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous film if you'd
like to see a summary please check out
the link below the film opens with a
group of thugs were in clown masks
robbing a bank however during the job
each member begins to kill one another
one by one the remaining robber reveals
himself to be the Joker a crazed
supervillain and escapes the bank in a
school bus the District Attorney of
Gotham Harvey Dent
is leading a campaign against organized
crime and is heralded by the citizens of
Gotham Dent begins to investigate other
banks that are also suspected of having
mob ties several mob leaders hold a
conference which is interrupted by the
Joker the Joker offers to kill Batman in
exchange for half of a large sum of
money that was stolen from the mob
bosses by a Chinese man named Lao that
they were in the process of recovering
after the Joker shows a feat of his
strangeness and his strength they hired
the Joker Batman finds Lao and brings
him back to the city of Gotham to
testify against the mob and dent is able
to put 549 criminals in custody under
the RICO law in response the Joker
begins to kill people and promises to
continue to do so until the Batman
reveals himself The Joker tries to kill
the mayor but Jim Gordon sacrifices
himself to save the mayor dent then
discovers that Rachel dents girlfriend
and Batman's former love interest is the
Joker's next target Bruce Wayne plans to
reveal his identity but then publicly
states that he is Batman before Bruce is
able to denna is taken into protective
custody and the Joker attacks the convoy
Batman along with Gordon who faked his
death are able to rescue dent and arrest
the Joker with a previous Commissioner
being killed by the Joker Gordon is
promoted to Commissioner dent and
Rachael are taken away by some
suspicious policemen
Batman in Terry it's the Joker the Joker
reveals that Rachel and dent have been
taken to separate locations and are both
rigged with explosives
Batman races out of the police station
to save Rachel while the police go after
Dent
Batman arrives at the building realizing
that he was tricked by the Joker and he
is actually at dense location Batman
pulls dent from the building which does
explode and half of dents face becomes
disfigured and he is hospitalized Gordon
who was actually sent to save Rachel is
unable to make it there in time and
Rachel dies the Joker is able to escape
from jail and takes Lao with him the
Joker takes Lao and the money that he
stole and burns both of them an
accountant at Wayne Enterprises Coleman
Reese discovers who Batman truly is and
publicly claims that he knows his
identity the Joker says he no longer
wants to know who Batman is and
threatens to destroy a hospital if Reese
isn't killed Gordon orders that all the
hospitals are evacuated and heads to
secure Reese the Joker is able to locate
dent in a hospital and manipulates him
into seeking revenge for Rachel's death
the Joker then destroys the hospital and
escapes dent goes on a killing spree
killing those responsible for Rachel's
death including Maroni one of the
largest mobsters in Gotham this is where
we truly see dent become the famous
Batman villain two-face later that night
the Joker rigs two fairies with
explosives one fairy contains civilians
and the other contains prisoners each
fairy has the trigger for the other
fairies explosives The Joker promises to
blow up both of the fairies unless one
of the fairies decides to destroy the
other the passengers on both fairies
refused and Batman is able to capture
the Joker and stop him The Joker gloats
that he has corrupted dent and that has
undone all of the good work that Dent
has done
Gordon arrives to the building where
Rachel died and dent threatens to kill
Gordon's son in a revenge
Batman intervenes and dent falls to his
death Batman convinces Gordon to
preserve densa image in order to make
all of his previous work not be done in
vain and to make it seem as though
Batman is responsible for the murders
Gordon is reluctant but agrees and the
film ends with a manhunt for Batman
beginning so that was the spoilers for
the Dark Knight if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on the various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching